Updates for RELEASE.2023-07-18T17-49-40Z (#962)
minio/docs: source/administration/bucket-replication.rst

remove objects from the queue while scanning for new unreplicated objects to
add to the queue. 

.. versionchanged:: RELEASE.2022-07-18T17-49-40Z

   MinIO queues failed replication operations and retries those operations up to three (3) times.
   

>    Replication operations that fail more than three times wait for the scanner to identify the object for replication before trying again.

Reviewer: This _might_ put too much agency on the operation itself.

Maybe

```suggestion
MinIO dequeues operations which fail to replicate after three attempts.
The scanner can pick up those affected objects at a later time and requeue them for replication.
```

Author: 👍
